---
layout: page
title: Laura Fortunato
---

<center><img src="../img/profile-pic_laura-fortunato.jpg" style="border-radius: 50%;
    width: 150px;
    height: 150px;"/></center>


<p>Laura is an evolutionary anthropologist. Her <a
href="http://www.santafe.edu/~fortunato/research/"
target="_blank">research</a> focuses on the evolution of human social
and cultural behaviour, working at the interface of anthropology and
biology.</p>

<p>She is based in the <a href="http://www.anthro.ox.ac.uk/"
target="_blank">School of Anthropology and Museum Ethnography</a> as
Associate Professor of Evolutionary Anthropology. She is also a Fellow
of <a href="http://www.magd.ox.ac.uk/" target="_blank">Magdalen
College, Oxford</a> and an External Professor of the <a
href="http://www.santafe.edu/" target="_blank">Santa Fe
Institute</a>.</p>

<p>Laura is the Project Lead for Reproducible Research Oxford. She
qualified as <a href="https://software-carpentry.org/"
target="_blank">Software Carpentry</a> and <a
href="http://www.datacarpentry.org/" target="_blank">Data
Carpentry</a> instructor in January 2017. <a
href="https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/" target="_blank">GNU
Emacs</a> nerd, with a strong preference for <a
href="https://www.mercurial-scm.org/" target="_blank">hg</a> over <a
href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank">git</a>.</p>

<a href="https://twitter.com/anthrolog"
class="twitter-follow-button" data-size="large"
data-show-count="false">Follow @anthrolog</a><script async
src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
